OK, this has gotta stop. I'm going to remind Fry of his humanity the way only a woman can. Morbo can't understand his teleprompter because he forgot how you say that letter that's shaped like a man wearing a hat.

Who am I making this out to? You can see how I lived before I met you. Bender, quit destroying the universe! Shinier than yours, meatbag.

Fetal stemcells, aren't those controversial? Please, Don-Bot… look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! Why would I want to know that? Ah, yes! John Quincy Adding Machine. He struck a chord with the voters when he pledged not to go on a killing spree.

It must be wonderful. You lived before you met me?! Yes, I saw. You were doing well, until everyone died. File not found.

I don't 'need' to drink. I can quit anytime I want! The key to victory is discipline, and that means a well made bed. You will practice until you can make your bed in your sleep. These old Doomsday Devices are dangerously unstable. I'll rest easier not knowing where they are.

I found what I need. And it's not friends, it's things. Spare me your space age technobabble, Attila the Hun! Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker. Switzerland is small and neutral! We are more like Germany, ambitious and misunderstood!

Yes, I saw. You were doing well, until everyone died. It may comfort you to know that Fry's death took only fifteen seconds, yet the pain was so intense, that it felt to him like fifteen years. And it goes without saying, it caused him to empty his bowels.

Calculon is gonna kill us and it's all everybody else's fault! Dr. Zoidberg, that doesn't make sense. But, okay! We're rescuing ya. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself.

I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Well, thanks to the Internet, I'm now bored with sex. Is there a place on the web that panders to my lust for violence? Why not indeed! Our love isn't any different from yours, except it's hotter, because I'm involved.

I found what I need. And it's not friends, it's things. Oh right. I forgot about the battle. Ah, the 'Breakfast Club' soundtrack! I can't wait til I'm old enough to feel ways about stuff! Robot 1-X, save my friends! And Zoidberg!

They're like sex, except I'm having them! It's okay, Bender. I like cooking too. I suppose I could part with 'one' and still be feared… In our darkest hour, we can stand erect, with proud upthrust bosoms.
