Friendly Elder - 15$

    Effect: +1 Kps

    Description: Well you made it! You always dreamed of getting your
    business, now you do. But oh boy, did all that typing make you tired?
    Well then, why not get an elder person from the local retirement home to
    help you typing out what you need! Sure they might be slow typers, but if
    you give them a paper with what you need typed in, they will deliver.
    (Atention, the paper has to be big and have big bold letters, otherwise
    results may not be as expected. Healthcare not included.)

    Upgrades:

        Nurse's help - 200$

            Effect: +100% elder effectiveness.

            Description: Get your elder's effectiveness up with a little help from
            their nurses.

Kid - 100$

    Effect: +5 Kps

    Description: Kids are good helpers as long as you are a good money source.
    Give them a few bucks and they'll help you out with all your typing tasks.
    Since they're kids, they spend most of their time on their computer so
    they know what a keyboard is, at least.
    Just make sure you're a kids person, they can get annoying sometimes.

    Upgrades:

        Promise candy - 1500$

            Effect: +100% kid effectiveness.

            Description: Everyone knows if you promise something to a kid they
            will behave until they get that something. Invest some money into
            getting more candies so they will help you out a little bit more.
            Can't go wrong with offering kids some candy!

Computer Science Student - 500$

    Effect: + 40 Kps

    Description: These assets... I mean, students, are a great help to your
    flourishing new business. They are more than accostumed to a keyboard
    and can even type without looking at it! Wow!
    Productivity may be... not the best, as they keep getting distracted by
    the internet. A price to pay when asking teenagers for help.

    Upgrades:

        Take away their mouse - 6500$

            Effect: 100% CS student effectiveness.

            Description: While a little unorthodox, taking away the students'
            mouse will surely increase productivity, as it becomes bothersome
            to navigate the internet. This way, they will spend more time
            typing and less time looking at cat pictures.

Outsourced Contractor - 3,000$

    Effect: +100 Kps

    Description: Business is obviously going well, so you might need to
    step it up a little bit. Why not outsource all your needs to a local
    company? You will have guaranteed results, we promise. (No refunds.)

    Upgrades:

        Indian company outsourcing - 35,000$

            Effect: +100% contractor effectiveness.

            Description: When you outsource something to an indian company you
            obviously need work done, fast. So that should be your next step.
            Service quality is not garanteed to be the best, as long as it
            gives out decent enough productivity.

World Typewritting Champion - 10,000$

    Effect: +400 Kps

    Description: Look, we know your business is going better than ever.
    We know you need the best you can get (as humanly as possible)
    These will tremendously help you on your task to get your programs written
    out as fast as possible. Just make sure to put them on a noise-cancelling
    room, you wouldn't want to be near one for more than a couple minutes.
    Also, make sure the keyboards you provide them are sturdy. After all,
    it doesn't matter if you have the world's fastest typer if he has nowhere
    to type with.

    Upgrades:

        Sturdy keyboards - 150,000$

            Effect: +100% Champion effectiveness.

            Description: The sturdier the keyboards, the harder they can type,
            and everyone knows the harder someones types, the faster it becomes.
            With the new keyboards your typewritting champions will be able
            to type faster than ever!

Robot 4444P: Intelligent Sofisticated Typer - 40,000$

    Effect: +1,000 Kps

    Description: -beep- Need help? Robot helps. -beep-
    This robot will be your ultimate asset when you need some typing done.
    And by some, we mean a "typical mystery novel book" ammount of words
    typed out... in a second. Watch as this robot laughs at all your human's puny
    attempts at typing fast.
    (Warning: Some maintenance required after a few seconds. Replacement parts
    not included.)

    Upgrades:

        Software update - 550,000$

            Effect: +100% robot effectiveness.

            Description: Upgrade your robot's software to raise it's effectiveness.
            50% less chance to get caught in an infinite loop and have to reboot it!
